# Introduction/Business Problem (Alaska Case)
As other geographical searching tool Foursquare is very helpful for gaining and analyzing location related issues. Foursquare is a technology company that built a massive dataset of location data. They actually crowd-sourced their data and had people use their app to build their dataset and add venues and complete any missing information they had in their dataset. Currently its location data is the most comprehensive out there, and quite accurate that it powers location data for many popular services like Apple Maps, Uber, Snapchat, Twitter and many others, and is currently being used by over 100,000 developers, and this number is only growing. In case of analyzing neighborhoods of Toronto cities I got maps of different types of venues on cities. And clusters of them. If we have such information stakeholders can choose location easier for their enterprises. And it will be helpful for them. For example if an investor want to open coffee shop he/she can choose easily the place around business centers for this shop.

You won’t be surprised to hear that Alaska’s specialty is fresh fish. Salmon, halibut, and crab—plucked right from some of the world’s most pristine waters—may well be one of the main reasons you visit Alaska.

But here’s the rub: it’s hard to find a restaurant that serves memorable meals. And it’s expensive: even a basic dinner entrée can run you up to $30.

Imagine that we want to open new restaurant in Alaska. But we should find better borough for it. We should find it in Unified Home-Rule classed place due to the some reasons. (A “unified municipality” is an organized borough (unified, home-rule borough). A unified municipality is defined as such by the Local Boundary Commission in 3 AAC 110.990(1). The Alaska Constitution recognizes only two types of municipalities, cities and boroughs. The legislature consistently treats unified municipalities as boroughs. For example, State statutes utilize the same standards for incorporation of a borough as they do for incorporation of a unified municipality . By contrast, the legislature has established separate standards for incorporation of a city.)
